[ansible-dev]
ansible-dev.okserver.org

[ansible-host]
localhost

[openspending-web]
s095.okserver.org comment="define dbserver, solrservers"

[openspending-db]
s096.okserver.org
s109.okserver.org os_project=farmsubsidy
s030.okserver.org os_project=etl_testing


[ckan-web-dev]
s080.okserver.org ckan_project=ckan_testing
s082.okserver.org ckan_project=demosites
s083.okserver.org ckan_project=demosites
s084.okserver.org ckan_project=demosites
s089.okserver.org ckan_project=queensland.ckan.net
s100.okserver.org
s107.okserver.org
s077.okserver.org ckan_project=datahub_old comment="to_terminate?"
s099.okserver.org ckan_project=datagm.org.uk comment="when is it going to go live"


[ckan-db-dev]
s081.okserver.org ckan_project=ckan_testing
s031.okserver.org ckan_project=ckan_testing
s032.okserver.org ckan_project=data.gov
s090.okserver.org ckan_project=queensland.ckan.net

[ckan-web-prod]
s085.okserver.org ckan_project=datagm.org
s080.okserver.org ckan_project=ckan_community
s079.okserver.org ckan_project=publicdata.eu 
s075.okserver.org ckan_project=www.datagm.org.uk
s086.okserver.org ckan_project=iatiregistry.org
s091.okserver.org ckan_project=queensland.ckan.net
s107.okserver.org ckan_project=datahub.io
s104.okserver.org ckan_project=sa.ckan.net
s102.okserver.org ckan_project=edostate.ckan.org

[ckan-db-prod]
s081.okserver.org ckan_project=ckan_community
s078.okserver.org ckan_project=datahub_old
s076.okserver.org ckan_project=iati
s092.okserver.org ckan_project=queensland.ckan.net
s103.okserver.org ckan_project=edostate.ckan.net
s108.okserver.org ckan_project=datahub.io
s105.okserver.org ckan_project=sa.ckan.net

[ckan-es]
s072.okserver.org

[ckan-packaging]
s106.okserver.org

[mail]
s001.okserver.org

[cache]
s006.okserver.org

[trac]
s039.okserver.org

[pagely-git]
s070.okserver.org

[etherpad]
s074.okserver.org

[other]
s021.okserver.org hosted=aw 
s073.okserver.org comment=future_mail_okfn

s087.okserver.org comment=i_dont_know_my_owner

[backup]
s088.okserver.org

[wiki]
s098.okserver.org dbserver=localhost managed=false hoster=RS

[labs]
s033.okserver.org

[openspending:children]
openspending-db
openspending-web

[ckan:children]
ckan-web-dev
ckan-db-dev
ckan-web-prod
ckan-db-prod
ckan-packaging
ckan-es 

[sysadmin-servers:children]
wiki
backup
labs
etherpad
cache
mail
trac
other
pagely-git

[webservers:children]
ckan-web-dev
ckan-web-prod
openspending-web

[dbservers:children]
ckan-db-prod
ckan-db-dev
ckan-es
openspending-db
